add replica limitation (#1742)
timescale/docs: cloud/service-operations/maintenance.md

    fork to keep a duplicate Timescale Cloud service. You can immediately pause
    this fork to only pay for storage until you are comfortable deleting it.

<highlight type="important">

> Services with replicas cannot upgrade. In order to upgrade a service 
> with an upgrade, the replica must be deleted first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timescale Cloud services with replicas cannot be upgraded. To upgrade a service 
with a replica,  you must first delete the replica and then upgrade the service.
```
